# 英语作文摘抄

[annotation]: <id> (a1b0d471-b4b4-499d-be8e-0a5499c68d7b)
[annotation]: <status> (public)
[annotation]: <create_time> (2020-12-14 10:43:58)
[annotation]: <category> (朝花夕拾)
[annotation]: <tags> (英语作文)
[annotation]: <comments> (false)
[annotation]: <url> (http://blog.ccyg.studio/article/a1b0d471-b4b4-499d-be8e-0a5499c68d7b)

## Masters of Engineering

**The (diagram/picture/caricature/cartoon) above clearly (illustrates/shows) that** a dramatic increase has occurred in the recruitment of Masters of Engineering in China during the past seven years. According to the statistics given above, **we may conclude that** the recruitment of MEs was on a steady rise from 1998 to 2004. In 1998, the number was at a low of only about 2500. **Surprisingly**, it reached more than 35000 in 2004, within no more than seven years.

**Some driving factors that** contribute to the above-mentioned change may be summarized as follows. **First and foremost**, China has become particularly active in manufacturing, **which has led to** an increased demand for qualified engineers. **In addition**, the development of the job market on the whole cannot keep pace with the expansion of college graduates, **which has obliged** a large number of students to stay on campus for another three years to get better prepared for their careers. **Last but not least**, working pressure is another reason. **Taking all these factors into account**, **we may predict that** with the speedy development of our society the recruitment of MEs will keep growing in the forthcoming decade.

**On the other side of the coin, however**, **this tendency may bring about a good many problems**, such as the waste of talent. **It is necessary for us to take effective measures to ensure this situation doesn't get out of hand**, and encourage students to choose majors for which both theoretical knowledge and practical skills will be demanded in the job market.

## The flowers

**The set of drawings above vividly depict** the destiny of a flower in different circumstances. **As is shown in the first cartoon**, the flower is growing in full bloom in a comfortable greenhouse that shelters it from the threatening lightning and storm. **On the contrary**, when removed from the greenhouse and exposed to the driving rain, the flower soon fades and withers, with its petals scattered on the ground.

**To begin with**, **the purpose of the drawings is to show us that** the flower growing in the greenhouse cannot withstand the test of the storm. **Yet the symbolic meaning subtly conveyed should be take more seriously**. The delicate flower is naturally associated with young people - **to be specific**, the only child in our current society while the greenhouse epitomizes parents'  doting care and abundant material supplies that can shield the children from the storms, **which symbolize the harsh reality**. Once the young people who have been doted on begin to seek independence and accept challenges from the real world, they are found too spoiled to be strong enough in the face of difficulties.

**Accordingly**, **it is vital for us to derive positive implications from these thought provoking drawings**. **On the one hand**, we can use them to aid the youth to be more independent in life. **On the other hand**, parents should be sensible enough to give their children more freedom to deal with troubles and problems, Only by undergoing more challenges and toils in adversity can young people cultivate strong personalities and abilitis, and only in this way can they become winners in this competitive world.

## The players

**It is symbolically illustrated in the cartoon that** a striker is preparing to shoot at the goal defended by a goalkeeper on a football field. In the goalkeeper's mind, he is so much smaller than he actually is that guarding the goal becomes an impossible mission. **At the same time**, the giant guard seems to fill up the whole goal in the attacking player's mind.

**The purpose of the drawing is to show us that** in the face of seemingly insurmountable challenges or predicaments, possessing self-confidence is of the utmost significance. **Regardless of how much success one has had in school or at work**, there are bound to be times when he or she will encounter problems. It is at these critical times that one's self-confidence, **toward difficulty and toward life in general**, plays a crucial role in determining whether he or she can turn failure into victory.

**I can think of no better illustration than the following one**. Helen Keller was deaf, dumb and blind, certainly nothing to give her self-confidence. **Nevertheless**, she went on to conquer her multiple handicaps to finally become a writer hand lecturer, and an inspiration to all. **This case effectively illustrates that no matter what tasks we are confronted with**, we should never overestimate the difficulties or underestimate our abilities.

## Pollutions

**As is subtly portrayed in the cartoon**, two tourists are sightseeing on a small boat while discarding their picnic leftovers casually in to a lake. **Unfortunately**, the lake is already filled with litter and teaming with flowing rubbish like plastic containers, fish-bones, banana peels, watermelon rinds, bottles, tins, food wrappings, and so on. And below the drawing, there is a caption which says: "after" the travel or "me" in the travel.

**From the portrayal, we can conclude that the painter wants to convey such a message**: a good many scenic spots are flooded with visitors, who spoil the beauty of nature by creating and leaving behind God-knows-how-much trash. **On the one hand**, tourism, as a multibillion-dollar business, is booming everywhere. Some people, under the belief that tourism serves as an engine of economic growth, seem to ignore its negative effects on the environment. **Nevertheless**, these are not concerns that we can shrug off lightly. **On the other hand**, tourism has exerted great pressure on the environment we are living in: our water is polluted, our ecological system is disturbed, and our natural resources have been excessively used.

**Undoubtedly**, tourism cannot be banned in any country, as it does help to shore up the economy in places which have few sources of income. **However**, the main point is that the unchecked growth  of the travel business may render the development of an economy unsustainable. It is high time that we enhanced people's awareness to rectify this by taking environmental protection into consideration.
